Requisite Bug qualities to make this list:
Primarily:	It confounds me
		- the reasoning for the presence or triggering of the bug is not trivially obvious (to me, that is)
Secondarily:	It is able to be "fixed" by resetting the environment or rebooting the machine
		- which implies that it is not an issue with the main script sequence and standard environment, but is in fact an edge case blunder, i.e. it is not a consistent error
Tertiarily:	It does not have a clear lead up case
		- there are no easily detectable early warning signs for this bug: each successive appearance is as unexpected as the first.

Entry 1 - Guardian Navigation Failure
	Symptoms (I know there's a better word for this, but I can't think of it. Pathology /-gnosis? Etiognosis?):
		Script ignores all commands to interact with Guardian
	Description:
		Script initiates.
	      *	Fails to interact with Guardian window, meaning that all attempts to navigate menus fail and attempts to run Guardian processes fail to initiate.
		Skips through all commands to navigate Guardian
		Script is essentially crashed ("soft crash"?)
	Apparent cases:
		On recent system reboot (?)
	Notes:
		The apparent case leads me to suspect that it has something to do with some variable or object not being initiated properly and/or not at the right time
			Maybe it's another timing issue?
		I took a look at the object identification system in use to try to figure something out, but I couldn't make much sense of it by myself.

Entry 2 - Program Fails to detect duplicates in system
	Symptoms:
		Failure of Cases 7 and 8, script locks before testing Case 9.
	Desciption:
		Script runs fine until after the lots have been entered and processed.
	      *	Evidently, Dupes Detecting Software does not detect the duplications in the lots
		Prevents appearance of Dupes Dialog Box (Fail Case 7)
		The dupes quarantine window never appears, so is never completed (Fail Case 8)
	      *	No emails are sent, which would fail Case 9, but Results.txt never has any entry for Case 9.
	Apparent cases:
		?
	Notes:
		This bug seems to be potentially more workable than the other one. The only issue is that I have no idea what the causes are (at least, not at the moment).
		I suppose one place to start is checking the contents of the lots. Is there a way to examine the source of the most recent lots?
		I've started to look around a bit, but I'll run a new test in the meanwhile
		I can't figure out how to access the code responsible for creating the dupes dialog. I might not have access to it. 
		After one failure, noticed that "IpsEngine.exe" failed to close properly, and "VisionSimulator.exe" was still running after closing the window
		Going to try running TipsKillAll.bat and see what else is still open
			VisionSimulator.exe
			IpsEngine.exe
			AuditLog.exe
		Hadn't seen AuditLog before, although I would think that it wouldn't have anything to do with not detecting dupes?
			potentially? if it does a check to the log output to check if any errors are reported?
		I'm thinking that maybe one of these is crashing or malfunctioning, but not giving any direct flags
			Adding menuman.exe to watchlist
		Now I've been running until hitting this bug, closing out one of the potential trouble processes, and running again, seeing if it works afterwards


I think the biggest part of what makes these bugs annoying is that I can't access where I think the problem lies.